Refactor docs [WIP] (#43)
r2u-io/documentation: docs/react-native/methods.md

---
title: Methods
---

> After adding the script tag on your website, the methods below will be available through a [`R2U` object](https://unpkg.com/@r2u/react-native-ar-sdk/dist/index.d.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the dependency on your app, the methods below will be available through a [`R2U` object](https://unpkg.com/@r2u/react-native-ar-sdk/dist/index.d.ts).
```
